use a 2 phillips screwdriver to remove the four screw .
remove the rubber gasket from the rain tray .
lift the tray upwards and away from the vehicle .
use a flathead screwdriver to remove the cap from the windshield wiper .
use a socket wrench to release the passenger-side windshield wiper locking nut .
gently lift up the passenger-side windshield wiper .
remove the driver-side windshield wiper in the same fashion .
lift up the plastic cover .
use an offset phillips screwdriver to remove a screw in the back of the automatic control unit cover .
in a pinch , you can make this tool with a phillips driver bit and end wrench .
use a 2 phillips screwdriver to remove the front two screw .
gently unplug and lift out the automatic transmission control unit .
remove the plastic phillips screw towards the front of the door panel .
use a flathead screwdriver to remove the plastic clip that hold the screw .
unscrew the phillips screw in the bottom of the door panel cup .
lift the cup out of the the door panel .
insert a very thin flathead screwdriver blade into the small gap towards the rear of the car on the plastic screw cover near the door handle .
unscrew the phillips screw underneath the screw cover .
remove the plastic cover at the base of the c-pillar by pulling it directly away from the window .
in addition to the metal clip , two small tab at the bottom of the cover keep it in place . gently lift the corner of the door panel to remove the tab from their respective hole in the door .
using firm pressure , pull the door panel away from the door . start at the top right , and work down the side , across the bottom , and up the opposite side .
pull the bottom of the door panel away from the door , and lift the entire panel off the door .
push down on the small tab and pull the connector directly away from it socket to disconnect the power lock switch .
use the same method described above to remove the connector for the tweeter .
press the tab on the bottom of the larger green connector to disconnect the side-view mirror control .
disconnect the power window connector .
you may now remove the entire door panel .
use compressed air to clear any debris from the area around the ignition coil on top of the engine .
remove the ignition coil electrical connector by first depressing the plastic tab on top of the connector .
pull the connector straight away from the ignition coil to detach it .
repeat this procedure for the remaining three ignition coil .
use an 8 mm deep socket to loosen the four ignition coil mounting bolt .
once the bolt are loose , they can be removed by hand .
twist the ignition coil and spark plug boot while lifting it straight up to remove it from the engine .
use a ratcheting socket wrench with an extender and a 5  or 8 spark plug socket to remove the existing spark plug from the cylinder head . make sure that the spark plug is completely seated in the rubber end of the socket before loosening it .
apply dielectric grease to the ribbed portion of the insulator .
gently place the spark plug boot over the rib and twist the two piece back and forth to even out the layer of dielectric grease .
place the new spark plug firmly in the spark plug socket so that the threaded end stick out .
apply an even layer of anti-seize compound to the thread of the spark plug .
place the new spark plug into the cylinder head and tighten it by hand a much a you can .
tighten the spark plug to 11 ft-lbs with a torque wrench .
place the ignition coil and dust boot back over the spark plug by pushing down and twisting it into place .
reconnect the ignition coil electrical connector by snapping it back into place .
pull the hood release latch at the front right of the tractor and lift the hood up .
lift the hood prop bar from it seat and place it in the hook on the underside of the hood .
pull each tab straight away from the panel and twist them 90 so that they fit through the slot in the panel .
pull the top of the engine panel straight out until it is free from the tab .
lift the engine panel up to remove it and set it aside .
the drain plug is a 17 mm hex bolt located on the underside of the tractor .
place an oil drain pan underneath the drain plug to catch the oil when it begin to drain .
use a 17 mm box end wrench to loosen the drain plug 3  or 4 of a turn .
loosen the drain plug by hand until it come out and oil begin to drain from the oil pan .
while the oil is draining , wipe off the drain plug with a clean rag or towel .
remove the old drain plug gasket and replace it , making sure that the new gasket fit over the thread of the drain plug .
wipe down the area around the drain plug with a clean rag or towel .
reinstall the drain plug and tighten it a much a you can by hand .
use a 17 mm box end wrench to tighten the drain plug until it is snug .
move the oil drain pan so that it is directly under the oil filter .
remove the oil filter by turning it counterclockwise until it come free .
if the filter is on too tightly to remove by hand , use an oil filter wrench to loosen it first , then continue to remove it by hand .
place the oil filter with the open end facing down onto the oil drain pan to allow the old oil to drain out .
dip a clean , gloved finger into a fresh bottle of oil and spread a thin layer of oil on the new oil filter 's gasket .
wipe off the oil filter thread and contact area on the engine with a clean rag or towel .
place the new oil filter over the thread and turn it clockwise until it is snug .
twist the oil filler cap counterclockwise and remove it from the valve cover .
place a funnel in the oil filler hole .
hold the funnel with one hand to steady it and pour 5.1 quart of 15 w-40 oil into the funnel .
reinstall the oil filler cap and turn it clockwise until it is snug .
remove the dipstick , wipe it off with a clean rag or towel , reinsert it , and remove it again .
reinsert the dipstick and add or remove any oil , if necessary .
place the engine panel back in it original location , making sure the two retaining tab go through their respective slot in the panel .
secure the engine panel by pulling the retaining tab straight out , turning them 90 , and laying them down flat .
hold the hood up with one hand and use the other hand to return the hood prop to it original location
close the hood firmly and make sure that the hood latch engages .
open the rear part of the middle console .
grip the right side of the console and pull up towards the passenger seat to remove it .
locate the two bolt under the air conditioning control at the bottom of the face plate .
loosen these two bolt with a basic socket wrench suited for 7 mm bolt .
wedge a spudger or plastic opening tool ( in place of the screwdriver shown ) under the top of the face plate .
apply pressure until the corner pop out of place .
inspect the interior of the center console for damaged wire or other faulty component .
remove 4 , 7.9 mm nut using a 7.9 mm socket driver head
one of the nut is placed underneath the l-bracket . remove the l-bracket and the 3 circled nut before attempting to remove the remaining nut
pull cover off the body of the alternator
with the alternator cover removed , use a 2 phillips screwdriver to remove the two , 6 mm screw that hold the brush cover in place .
remove the brush cover assembly from the alternator . you might need to insert a needle in the small hole to separate the brush from the rotor . pull it out without using much force to avoid damage .
avoid disconnecting wire unless otherwise specified !
use a 2 phillips screwdriver to remove the two 6 mm screw holding down the voltage regulator
locate and unscrew the 3 , 6 mm screw holding the bridge assembly in place
locate the copper lead connecting the stator to the bridge assembly . there are 3 set of 2 lead on the perimeter of the bridge , making 6 lead total .
these lead must be cut in order to remove the bridge from the alternator . these lead will have to be soldered back together on reassembly . keep the cut a clean a possible .
use wire cutter to cut all 6 of the lead on the perimeter of the bridge .
if necessary , use a pry bar to gently raise the top of the bridge assembly off the alternator
remove the lower section of the bridge assembly
use a phillips 2 screwdriver or a 7.5 mm socket driver to unscrew the 4 , 7.5 mm bolt running along the outer perimeter of the alternator
use a c-clamp or another fixture to hold the pulley in place
be gentle with the clamp . excessive force will bend the pulley out of shape
use a ratchet with a 25 mm socket to remove the 25 mm hex nut from the pulley
once the nut is off , you can then remove the pulley .
once the pulley is removed , separate the rotor and stator . the stator is the piece with copper winding .
you can pull the stator out of the remaining cover and examine it .
if the stator is scratched or damaged , you will need to replace it . look for scoring mark or cut piece of winding .
